Add example for how to test any error is thrown in the error testing documentation article (#853)
swiftlang/swift-testing: Sources/Testing/Testing.docc/testing-for-errors-in-swift-code.md

Boolean test. Similar overloads of ``require(_:_:sourceLocation:)-5l63q`` stop
running your test if the code doesn't throw the expected error.

### Validate that your code throws any error

> To check that the code under test throws any error, or to continue a
> longer test function after the code throws an error, pass that `(any Error).self` as the
> first argument of ``expect(throws:_:sourceLocation:performing:)-1xr34``, and
> pass a closure that calls the code under test:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check that the code under test throws an error of any type, pass
`(any Error).self` as the first argument to either
``expect(throws:_:sourceLocation:performing:)-1xr34`` or
``require(_:_:sourceLocation:)-5l63q``:
```
